coming through the woods I felt we saved
over an hour Teddy yeah this the back
Harlow Road yeah for our kids must be
around here someplace
Teddy you went for and watch the left
side of the tracks we'll take the right
all right
none of us could breathe somewhere under
those bushes was the rest of Ray Brower
[Music]
the train had knocked Ray Brower out of
his Keds just like it had not the life
out of his body the kid wasn't sick the
kid wasn't sleeping
the kid was dead
[Music]
let's look for some long branches we'll
build him a stretcher
forty
why don't you have to die what's the
matter with Gordy nothing why don't you
guys just go over there look for some
branches okay
[Music]